you know lately Romans been cast at
lately I've got a sad he's hungover some
company grows wine
he's naming that hot
what has Rosalind have to be so hot I'm
not worried though I've got plenty of
ideas to get him over I love you Charles
get out of my life I hate you I'm just
kidding hey what oh I don't know you
love the library you want to take me to
the moon so we can both play move inside
boom did you see if I do the coolest
party in here over here yeah well who
cares it's gonna be a ton of hot babes
babes gonna be there
alright I'll go but don't fight that
you've used me that any new girls it
won't work sure sure
well we gotta keep doing we have like an
hour and 15 minutes and 59 seconds so it
starts
away away
mm backyard yeah that's not weird at all
dude no okay seriously only your hot
coming from you what do you hear oh
there's pop quiz and bhai oh yeah I
studied really hard I mean AC wait then
didn't you say it was a populist and
wait wait I almost forgot here's a
here's a note from Juliet she want me to
give it to you dear Romeo I do not like
you love Juliet
what he said he wanted to teach you a
lesson
I doubt that it isn't little Romeo Oh
hey I may be to poison to tarnish you
today wait wait what wait repeat that
wait Romeo did what he's coming gotta go
bye oh really cuz did I would totally
kill you I'm kidding you know I just got
a call from a local school about trouble
with poison I've had a lot of experience
dealing with poison and let me tell you
all its deadly there I'm gonna die Romeo
Montague